We have to quantifications first one looks like this and it says that for every X is true.
That's something where instead of something you have some statement obviously.
And the second one looks like this.
And it says that there exists a four which is true.
That's something.
So if you think about it the first quantified gator is basically kind of a tautology quantification
or for every x must be true.
And the second one is basically set this wildfowl quantification or that means for at least one is true.
So now let's take a look at some examples.
First one says that for every x that is real number.
So these are represent a set of all real numbers like for example 0 5 minus 2 and so on.
And this euro kind of side says that X is from this set.
So no matter what number we pick from our For every number should be true that this number to the power
of two is greater than zero.
So feel free to think about it but keep in mind that it must be true for every number that you can think
of.
And if you really think about it and big zero sacks you will find out that 0 to the power of two is
still zero.
And that means this is not true for every x.
So overall this statement is false.
Let's do another one.
This one says that there exists x that is from real numbers and it is greater than 1000 and there is
because R represents all the numbers in our world.
So if you pick for example billion for x you will get true.
And since this quantifier says that it is true for at least one we are done.
And this statement is true.
And last one says that for every x It's true that there exist that is smaller.
And boy these numbers are from our.
So if you think about it if you pick any number in this world you can always find a smaller one.
And if you think about it no matter what X you pick if you choose to be equal to x minus one it will
always be smaller then x.
Right.
OK.
That is pretty much it for this lecture.
Feel free to ask if you don't understand something we will use these cuenta fires later on.
And with that being said I will see you next time.